[SPEAKER_00]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
[SPEAKER_02]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is Orange Lounge Radio live with you once again tonight, January the 26th of 2025, episode number 1033 of our show.
[SPEAKER_02]: as we continue into our 23rd broadcast year, having started this whole thing June of 2002.
[SPEAKER_02]: Myself, Rob Roberts, with you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here the entire time with my co-host, of course, the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_02]: Who I think is not coming through for some reason.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not muted.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, weird.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now I hear you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Must be a weird noise gate thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: But how are you?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, I just pulled a muscle.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's okay.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, well, it was really weird.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's a muscle I've never pulled before.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's the rectus femoris, which goes from the hip to the knee.
[SPEAKER_04]: I see.
[SPEAKER_04]: A very long tendon on it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was just in the shower.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was just standing up and reaching for something, and my muscle's like, hey, guess what?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, getting old Let's be like a ballet thing It's funny I open up the show with an age thing because, you know, it's just like that whole getting old thing Is that like, oh, what muscle am I going to discover I have today that I just suddenly heard?
[SPEAKER_02]: What did I sleep on wrong today?
[SPEAKER_02]: This has nothing to do with that, this is probably from ballet But I'm also like, you know, for me, I'm waking up with something new every day I was telling you I have this weird eye thing going on before the show And it's just like, what damage report every morning?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like, what did I do to my body today?
[SPEAKER_04]: That's no fun.
[SPEAKER_04]: Evil, I do actually have a Theragun, but you don't use a Theragun on an injured muscle.
[SPEAKER_04]: You do not.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's not a cramp.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's not tightness.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is a freaking injury.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is hot.
[SPEAKER_04]: I am about to put an ice pack on it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Never, ever suggest that someone use a Theragun on an injured muscle.
[SPEAKER_04]: It will hurt them worse.
[SPEAKER_04]: It will make the muscle actually... It'll exacerbate the injury.
[SPEAKER_02]: Responding to a comment in our chat room.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is not a cramp.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is a pulled muscle.
[SPEAKER_02]: Twitch.tv slash VOG Network where we do tape live every Sunday night, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
[SPEAKER_04]: This is almost PG-13.
[SPEAKER_02]: Almost, almost.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_02]: Always PG-13.
[SPEAKER_02]: How are you?
[SPEAKER_02]: And usually, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm doing all right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: And now I noticed behind you, you have this Minecraft video.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is the one you were working very hard on that you were promoting this week on your social media.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I have to say, I did watch it and I was like, and you know, I don't really play a lot of Minecraft, but this is my typical reaction to your videos is like,
[SPEAKER_02]: How the hell?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, it's just so these things are so big.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I don't know how you plan for this stuff or any of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, it's just it's just wild.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like how you and so elaborate all of these things.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, it's a full on freaking like water ride, but in Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it was really impressive.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then you like do like a little tour about how the sausage is made, basically.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it was interesting, even if I didn't necessarily follow all of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it was a very... It's been a long project, though.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's been for like... We've been talking about it since before the holidays.
[SPEAKER_01]: The whole year, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it's... Yeah, it's finally done.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I mean, everything's pretty much done.
[SPEAKER_01]: I say pretty much because I'm still tweaking stuff now, but that was basically my final episode of the season.
[SPEAKER_01]: Just wanted to get that out in the last section of the ride, or the park out.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've been doing small...
[SPEAKER_01]: Not, you know, super important stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, I built a bathroom today.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, a second bathroom in the park.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because I'm like, it doesn't make sense to have a theme park with one restaurant.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was like, you just threw up a bathroom in your spare time?
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay, in the... If you want to be hilarious about it, you should make a queue for the bathroom.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I could with armor stands or something like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I could do something like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, they've been just doing a lot of armor stand work at least recently just to kind of bring more life to the park and everything and just get ready for our world tour.
[SPEAKER_01]: So we're going to be doing, we're going to have some larger streamers coming on I think on the 8th and then we're going to live stream with them and then we're going to open it up for just the community
[SPEAKER_01]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: So people can go check stuff out and go explore it together.
[SPEAKER_02]: You want that exclusive window.
[SPEAKER_02]: You want to get the eyes on your YouTubes and your communities and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it makes sense.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, because I mean, you know, YouTube's always counter to whatever I'm trying to push.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, it really... It really is like me on the weekdays.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, I don't want to do this.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do I really have to push this video for you?
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, it's...
[SPEAKER_01]: It usually fizzles out pretty quick.
[SPEAKER_01]: So far it's been alright, but like...
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, it could be much better, too.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, well, if you aren't checking out Loki's YouTube channel, you should probably get on that.
[SPEAKER_01]: If you're a fan of just, like, not even necessarily Minecraft, but, like, amusement park rides.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or just the meticulousness it takes to put together something of that volume.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would say if you like Legos or any of that stuff, it's a very similar sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, just, you know, you don't have to be a Minecraft pro to kind of look at that and go, geez.
[SPEAKER_01]: What a nerd.
[SPEAKER_01]: There was a lot of care put into that.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's been two months straight on that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Just to finish up everything, it was at least a solid two months working on that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Even after the time lapse in the video, I still spent a couple more weeks polishing and testing and everything.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was a lot.
[SPEAKER_04]: It looks really good though.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_02]: And at some point... You're welcome.
[SPEAKER_02]: At some point, I don't know how we push Loki's back catalog, but it's not like this is the first thing that you've built.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you could still go back and look.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I know in the beginning of this, you kind of showed, like you said, I did like 200,000 blocks with this Mega Man build.
[SPEAKER_02]: I did another... You were showing off some of the things you built in the past.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I think you were trying to get to the point where it was like, this is half a million, I think you said, blocks or whatever that it took.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I was like, Loki's got such a rich library of these things that...
[SPEAKER_02]: Like a lot of people haven't seen that really should.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I just I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, if we all knew YouTube for doing your job, if we all knew what the magic was to go viral, we would have figured it out.
[SPEAKER_02]: But well, you just you can't.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess I did have one viral TikTok, but that's the subsequent one I thought was funnier.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it only it didn't get a fraction of the views.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's it really is just like a hit and miss type of thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: yeah it's a fun ride I think people are going to have a lot of fun checking it out it's funny as well so the main component of the ride is this thing called the lazy river it's essentially like this technique that a guy named Dingy Fried had come up with and basically it just uses water the flow of water to move a boat along a path
[SPEAKER_01]: and so that's what kind of inspired the whole thing but Diggy Fried is actually a in real life he is a um
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know if he's a rollercoaster or theme park engineer.
[SPEAKER_01]: He's actually an engineer for theme parks and rides.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've been keeping him up to date with everything I'm doing.
[SPEAKER_01]: He had nothing but the highest of compliments for the work that was done at the end.
[SPEAKER_01]: That coming from a rollercoaster and theme park engineer...
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, that's all you need to hear, I guess.
[SPEAKER_02]: That is pretty rad.
[SPEAKER_02]: That is great.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, for those on the podcast that can't see the movie playing behind Loki, you know, I know when he describes it there, it doesn't sound very flashy because that really, that's just the core that everything else is built around.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you have to understand, Loki's got this very intricate, like, you know, imagine like a blacklight ride at Disneyland or like a
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: videos.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was going to do one of those in that ride.
[SPEAKER_01]: No commentary, just straight experiencing the ride from queue to the end or something like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: you know I know you've gone really heavy on YouTube and I understand why but you really ought to think about taking some of your shorts like some of the short thing and put them up on TikTok and I I have and they don't get that won't they get like at least 500 400 on there or do they not wow you're lucky I don't think in fact I should probably check but I don't think like the few that I've put up there have not cracked like
[SPEAKER_01]: 30 like it's it's interesting it's like nothing I wonder why I wonder if you just have to have a talking head in front of it you can't believe what this is I don't know whatever yeah dumb it down for everybody no it's yeah let's see here so it was I'm just out of curiosity I don't think it's done very well from what I remember looking at where's my account
[SPEAKER_02]: but then I like TikTok is in a really weird place right now as we all know you know with the whole they banned it and then they didn't and then now it's like some it's looking like somebody might buy it the latest thing I was hearing is that Microsoft and Oracle might be putting in a bid which I mean it's better than some of these billionaires that have been in the conversation like I can't
[SPEAKER_02]: MrBeast
[SPEAKER_02]: like it's gonna lose the soul of what makes that thing tick and it's it's not gonna be the same and I think for a lot of people ever since the downtime a lot of people have been like it's just not the same because you actually you still can't download it if you don't have it already on your phone because one of my friends deleted the app because she was like well it's over she deleted the app now she can't get it back on her phone because uh all the app stores online will still not put it back up because
[SPEAKER_02]: And I don't blame them to be quite honest.
[SPEAKER_02]: I do not blame them because the government, especially one that is shown to be as fickle as the current administration that's now in place, I don't blame them for kind of not trusting what's coming out of their mouths.
[SPEAKER_02]: Where it's like, we won't hold you responsible.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're not going to monitor it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't worry.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't blame anybody for saying that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Not until you pass a piece of signed legislation where it is law are we going to believe it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't blame them one bit.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that's the situation we're in.
[SPEAKER_02]: And now people are saying they're getting unfollowed magically.
[SPEAKER_02]: The bugs are starting to show up because Fight Dance can't patch it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's really just a matter of time.
[SPEAKER_01]: So yeah, my most viewed video... I don't have that many.
[SPEAKER_01]: I only have three videos up.
[SPEAKER_01]: But my most viewed video is 48 views.
[SPEAKER_01]: The other two are 14 and 12.
[SPEAKER_01]: So yeah, not really...
[SPEAKER_01]: Uh, good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, give me your login.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're going to fix this.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to get in there and figure out how we can push these, make them stick.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to be your social media hype, man.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_01]: I do want to do more on Twitch this year, but we'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's always a good place to do to really build a community, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you do... I mean, we are all fortunate that we have the OLR community who has been very good at supporting the other things that we do outside of OLR.
[SPEAKER_02]: But then, yeah, once you start to do your own thing, like DarkSakura has done a lot of work on the Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I know you do other things, but let's be real.
[SPEAKER_02]: You are embedded in that network of...
[SPEAKER_02]: Full-time Dead by Daylight creators, you know, a lot of them know who you are and stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you get a lot of viewers that didn't find you through this.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you kind of, you know, were able to build up another bubble.
[SPEAKER_02]: You now have a Venn diagram.
[SPEAKER_02]: You have your OLR people, you have your Dead by Daylight people, and you have both.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I'm trying to combine the circles to bring my DBD people over to the OLR side of the force.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, but, you know, it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Not everybody's available Sunday nights or has time for a two-hour podcast is what it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, all right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Enough about social media and networking and all that good stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's get into how the video game companies are networking and promoting their stuff because they want these games to get more than 35 hits.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, Loki, what is Xbox doing to promote their games this week?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, they did a developer direct where they covered kind of updates on four games, one of which was an unknown at one time, but we quickly found out what that was.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, of course, I tuned in mainly for the Doom the Dark Ages stuff because that looked pretty awesome.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, we got kind of out of order here, so...
[SPEAKER_01]: The big announcement obviously was Ninja Gaiden 4 is being developed by Platinum Games and Team Ninja.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that looks pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then they're also going to be...
[SPEAKER_01]: Updating and I guess remastering Ninja Gaiden 2 in the Black Edition.
[SPEAKER_01]: They did that with the first Ninja Gaiden like back in the Xbox 360 a long time ago.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, it's going to be launching this fall on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, Ninja Gaiden 2 was one of those, like, and it's out now!
[SPEAKER_01]: So that was kind of cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: On Game Pass, nonetheless.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was tempted to install it the other night.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's pretty sweet.
[SPEAKER_01]: South of Midnight still looks pretty good.
[SPEAKER_01]: Granted, the initial stuff that we kind of saw about that game, I didn't really kind of understand what the gameplay was like or anything like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it looks neat.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's supposed to be coming out rather soon, actually.
[SPEAKER_01]: So on PC and Xbox on April 8th.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: Expedition 33, which looks really awesome.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, that one's definitely got my attention.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm looking at our chat room and Quest Buster says Expedition 33 is definitely on my radar.
[SPEAKER_02]: Quest Buster has great taste in games, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I know that's I know that's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, my Deft is excited for it, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, really looks exciting.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, and that's supposed to be launching April 24th for PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox.
[SPEAKER_01]: Notice that all these games are coming out on PlayStation as well, you know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Remember everyone was like, oh no, they're going to
[SPEAKER_01]: Make it exclusive.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh no, they're going to sell more games on a different console.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know, it's crazy.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do The Dark Ages, which looks awesome.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's supposed to be coming out now on May 15th.
[SPEAKER_01]: PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox series as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: And, I mean, it looks like a Doom game.
[SPEAKER_01]: It looks awesome.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're focusing on single player, which is great.
[SPEAKER_01]: No multiplayer in it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm down.
[SPEAKER_01]: It looks good.
[SPEAKER_01]: All of it looked good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Are we surprised they didn't have a little more?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, you know, and all said and done, that's maybe like six games.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think they only said there was going to be four games that they were covering, so it was kind of like, this is, I expected four, I got four, so...
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and I think I agree that, well, yeah, they set the expectations very clearly, which I think is good.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think for a January thing, it's pretty good.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think also it's like, okay, we know that this is going to be what carries us basically for this first part of the year until the announcements really start to roll out, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's also, and I'm sure they didn't do this on purpose, but it's also one of those things that's very well timed because it's like, well...
[SPEAKER_02]: If you're still sitting around waiting for the Switch 2, which isn't until April, hey, we have some things to, you know, get you excited until then.
[SPEAKER_01]: And the other thing, too, I mean, the other thing, which is funny, is they could be making a lot of sales off of re-releasing titles for the Switch 2 that are Xbox titles.
[SPEAKER_01]: And notice that, you know, these announcements and the release dates, aside from the fall release of...
[SPEAKER_01]: Ninja Gaiden 4 which is still very early and all that stuff but everything else is just April and May so if the Switch 2 say were to announce that they're launching in June or something like that which would kind of be an alignment time wise from when they announced the Switch last time then maybe that's what's going to carry them through the summer is like oh hey here's Halo and here's you know Hi-Fi Rush and all that stuff you know
[SPEAKER_02]: um yeah the fact that um we could have like Halo on a Nintendo console is so wild to me but like I really feel it now more than ever that like it's gonna happen we're gonna at least have the Master Chief Collection on the Switch too why not like why shouldn't we so
[SPEAKER_02]: Very exciting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, yeah, it was it was it was a nice little like we usually don't get a lot of gaming news at this time of year.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that was a very nice little thing to see happen.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, yeah, it was good job for Xbox.
[SPEAKER_02]: They've been you know, I know that I know a lot of people really feel like,
[SPEAKER_02]: XBOX has been kind of like a solid third place and I understand I understand the reason why I don't you know again I think it's a weird contest I think the fact that Microsoft leans so much into PC and that Nintendo really kind of sits on its own and all that like I really feel like with so much of that like it's not it's not really the three-way race it feels like sometimes I really think it is just all three kind of running their own races and
[SPEAKER_02]: in their different ways.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think Microsoft keeps trying to make that abundantly clear.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, they want to run their own race.
[SPEAKER_02]: They don't want to run the same race as PlayStation anymore.
[SPEAKER_02]: They have their own ideas.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, and the whole console wars thing anyways.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, look at everything in society nowadays that we kind of...
[SPEAKER_01]: boil down to like team like oh my team I want my team to win I want no your team suck you know like it's like literally in everything like can we just not can we like grow out of that leave that back in the 90s and early 2000s and just be like okay these are corporations they're releasing products which product do I want you know on which system do I want to play it on and just leave it at that
[SPEAKER_02]: I wish it was that easy but unfortunately I worry that our entire country has gone this way in many ways and yeah I don't know I feel like politics is turning into that and that's kind of a depressing thing it's been that forever so I don't know so how can when it's so embedded in our culture how can gaming get away from that rise above that but then again well and I think people
[SPEAKER_02]: and I think a lot of the executives at the companies are, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like I think, you know, you hear and you've seen on social media the companies supporting each other in different ways.
[SPEAKER_02]: We were talking a little bit at the end of Bobby Blackwell's show, another friend of ours in Independent Podcast, Gamertag Radio, celebrated 20 years.
[SPEAKER_02]: So congrats to them.
[SPEAKER_02]: That is absolutely no small feat.
[SPEAKER_02]: And they had Phil Spencer on to celebrate and I believe Danny asked him about
[SPEAKER_02]: The Switch 2 on that and he had a pretty friendly comment you know sort of response to that sort of thing and I feel like that like the internet and sometimes social media wants those sorts of like sports teams to exist in game console because some of our brains are still stuck in those 90s ads Genesis does what Nintendo don't and when it was a little bit more about that direct competition but now that we're talking more about
[SPEAKER_02]: Cloud Gaming, and gaming on every screen and all that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's, I think, de-emphasized a lot of ways, the consoles.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, the consoles are important, but they're not everything.
[SPEAKER_02]: The goal at the end of the day is to make money.
[SPEAKER_02]: And if Microsoft can make money by selling you games on Windows, that's still a win.
[SPEAKER_02]: If Microsoft can make money selling you a subscription pass, that's still a win.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what it is at the end of the day.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, before you get into our gaming week, just looking at some of the comments in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network when we are taping live here.
[SPEAKER_02]: E3VL says, social media doesn't help due to grifters.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh yeah, there's so much fake shit on social media.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just...
[SPEAKER_02]: you just and yeah and just like the clickbait stuff that is meant to give an emotional response like you know this is why there will be those sensationalist YouTube thumbnails that are like Xbox is struggling here's here's three here I'll give you a perfect I bet you this video is out there right now and I'm not even looking I bet you it's out there right now top five reasons why Microsoft is struggling in 2025 you're not gonna believe the number two reason
[SPEAKER_02]: Like that is going to be, that's the type of shit that they rage because Microsoft fans are going to click it and go like, I want to see what full of shit this guy is, you know, whatever.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then Sony people are going to click it going, fuck yeah, fuck Microsoft.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like, it's so ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's so ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, QuestBuster says the outrage economy is awful.
[SPEAKER_02]: We all owe a part to do better and not give in to that outrage bait.
[SPEAKER_02]: You just have to recognize your outrage is a product.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sell it sparingly.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see other comments in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bons006 on a lighter note, now the good sides of gaming and fandom, saying people I know attended MAGFest 2025 this weekend.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, some people I know attended MAGFest too.
[SPEAKER_02]: And of course, YYR was on our show last week talking about MAGFest and I re-bleeded something he posted on Blue Sky because we are on Blue Sky at Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have a domain name on there because not everybody is BSkySocial, but we are Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_02]: and he's showing super multitasking there or super duper multitasking and the snake I'm sorry I forgot the actual name of that game but it's the snake refresh game that he's doing that's I think focusing on the arena snake arena or something like that and
[SPEAKER_02]: and it looks like MAGFest was a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: My friends that were there were talking very highly of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Apparently ran into one of the performers in the elevator, had no idea who it was but just had like a really good conversation and then went to that concert and saw the person on stage going, oh...
[SPEAKER_02]: But that happened to Bobby and I at DragonCon once.
[SPEAKER_02]: We were riding the elevator on Wednesday, and we were just striking up a friendly conversation with this guy.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we noticed that we each had attending professional badges.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we were like, oh, yeah, we have this podcast now where we do these long run gaming shows.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like, what do you do?
[SPEAKER_02]: And he's like, oh, I wrote a book series called, and I'll let it be a secret.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I was like, oh, I think they just made that book into a movie, if I'm not mistaken.
[SPEAKER_02]: He doesn't like the movie, for the record.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's another reason why I'm not going to name it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or at least I got that impression.
[SPEAKER_02]: I should say, allegedly, I got that impression.
[SPEAKER_02]: But maybe it was a bad moment type of thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it's, you know, you never know who you're going to run into at a con and just strike up a conversation with, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: So, fun stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, MAGFest looked like a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not ruling out going again.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was a time when I was like, no, I don't think I'm going to ever be able to go again.
[SPEAKER_02]: But, um...
[SPEAKER_02]: I might want to go again sometimes.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: I kind of want to make it happen, even though it's early in the year or something like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: February would have been a better time, but maybe I can make January work.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I do feel bad for the people that went this year because everything else that was going on in DC this week...
[SPEAKER_02]: which no matter what reaction you have when I say that, you recognize that it's traffic nightmare.
[SPEAKER_02]: So people had to go out very early for that sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ranma, I'm thinking about it for next year.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's a lot of factors, a lot of unknowns, but I'm thinking about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, anyway, let's talk about how our gaming weeks were and the type of things that we were playing this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Since we weren't
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, since we weren't at MAGFest this weekend, how were we spending our gaming weeks?
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, we'll start with you.
[SPEAKER_02]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_04]: Um, it was pretty busy.
[SPEAKER_04]: I played, um, of course, Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm trying to work through the, uh, the, whatever the chaos shuffle is going on right now.
[SPEAKER_04]: I played Dragon Age Veilguard I played Pallia I've played Fruit Mountain I don't know why I'm addicted to Fruit Mountain but I love it I have a Mahjong game that I like I've also been playing the Suika game because I love my puzzles and just like bibs and bobs here and there a couple of classic things just testing games out really
[SPEAKER_04]: and I've actually been doing some Dragon Age, not Dragon Age, but some Dead by Daylight 3D renders.
[SPEAKER_04]: So having fun with my 3D rendering software again.
[SPEAKER_02]: Good times.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've only seen a little bit of the Dead by Daylight chaos shuffle this time around.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess I haven't been watching as many Debbie streamers as last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: I should.
[SPEAKER_02]: I really should.
[SPEAKER_02]: I haven't played Debbie in quite a while.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I'm like missing a bunch of characters now and stuff, which is fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: I feel like I don't need everything, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I've been sucked into another game, but I'll get into that a little bit.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's talk to Loki in the meantime.
[SPEAKER_02]: How was your game of the week?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, as I previously mentioned, I've just been working on stuff on the Channel 64 SMP, just getting ready for the world download stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: And of course, this week is putting out video and everything, so editing and getting the last minute things ready for that.
[SPEAKER_01]: now it's nice to have a little bit of pressure off and just work on like some of the dumb it's not even dumb but it's like detail stuff that you don't necessarily need to see in video so like some things I did for our guests when they come is Liv had created some custom models for balloons so you can carry balloons around in the park and so we have a balloon vendors that I made and
[SPEAKER_01]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_01]: Just because it's like, oh, they just made sense to have this here.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he also fills a blank spot in there.
[SPEAKER_01]: Just, yeah, trying to like find things to like fill the gaps and just add extra.
[SPEAKER_01]: I get another extra layer of polish on top of everything for the final tour and world downloads to try to impress our guests as much as we can and anybody else that ends up seeing it.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then getting ready for next season.
[SPEAKER_01]: We're looking to start probably the 15th or mid-month of February.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I'm looking forward to that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And probably we'll start as soon as I'm... Usually one of the things when you release a video and you've worked a lot on everything, you kind of have this downtime afterwards where you're just brain-fried, where you can't really focus on...
[SPEAKER_01]: the next big thing or creative part so at some point that once I get past that and done fiddling with the park I'll probably start designing stuff or planning out the stuff for next season because the game that I'm building there is
[SPEAKER_01]: It's gonna be massive, massively complex.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because I'm trying to show those big creators I can hang with them.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, as it is, I think I've already done that, but, you know.
[SPEAKER_02]: You absolutely have done it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just, the viral thing just haven't clicked.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we all know, we all know half of this success is just luck.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: I want to say, well, I don't know how much I want to get into it because I don't like to talk about things and bring them to light.
[SPEAKER_02]: And, you know, because then it just, you know, is basically free advertising.
[SPEAKER_02]: But apparently there was a YouTube thing that got a lot of feathers ruffled this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: And there was just a lot of people involved.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's just it's just it's a clown car full of creators where you look at it and go, why are these people famous?
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will name names.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I'll say one.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll say one.
[SPEAKER_02]: I never understand how this person is famous and why we still even... We talk about him a lot less.
[SPEAKER_02]: But Dr. Disrespect, I will never understand why that guy was famous at all.
[SPEAKER_02]: Except the fact that some people are drawn towards those edgelord personalities.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, that's a 40-year-old man in a wig, Maury.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, what is edgy about that?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I don't...
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I had, like, a co-worker that liked him a while back.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know if he still does, but, like, I think beforehand it was more of, like, kind of just, like, a character, but then he started just going off on the deep end and is like, okay, it's not.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then, I mean, in the more, like, recent Minecraft space, like...
[SPEAKER_01]: Dream, and that whole nonsense.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, I just wish he would just disappear.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, honestly, it's so annoying.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anytime that he's brought up, it's never for a good thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's always something.
[SPEAKER_01]: He's always got beef with somebody over something.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like, just... Like, you're in your mid-twenties now, man.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, just...
[SPEAKER_01]: Grow up!
[SPEAKER_01]: Exactly!
[SPEAKER_02]: But again, with the outrage, I mean, I see a lot of news articles on these people and it's just like, oh my God, did I hit some type of algorithm I do not want to be on?
[SPEAKER_02]: But again, don't give in to the outrage.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's just, yeah, annoying.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fun fact, if you long press on a TikTok video, there's a button that says not interested and you won't see that topic nearly as often anymore if you do it.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: but it is one of those things where I'm like damn I really wish they would just see this out as a full class because it is fun and it's doing what these seasons do when they are best and it's shaking up the metagame with like a brand new system that sort of challenges you to play different ways than what you would normally do that are easy
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm playing a barbarian and it's a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Legendary farming is so easy this season, which I actually think is a good thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Some people think it takes away, but I think the way the codex is built now, I think it takes a lot of the farming out of that stuff to get the ultimate fixes for your gear.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you just really can focus on pushing pit levels and pushing all the things that have built up in the game over the seasons.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because now we have infernal hordes are permanent and
[SPEAKER_02]: and now we have these new things that I bet are going to stay in the game the head what are they called the head hut dungeons or what I can't remember but there's like a special like new type of side dungeon you can do that is is like a mix of the infernal hordes and this new thing and it's just it's great I love that they are having all of these game types mixed in so yeah Diablo 4 has been dominating my gaming week I've been playing a little bit of Final Fantasy 14 because a friend of mine really enjoys it I haven't played it a lot but I've been playing to check out the game with him and
[SPEAKER_02]: and um I've been doing retro games because I finally finally even though they built this so to make it easy it was still difficult for me but you can all be proud that I finally got emu deck up and running on my steam deck and it is uh it's a game changer to be able to play Super Mario Kart while I'm lying in bed love it
[SPEAKER_02]: which is what I've been playing I've been playing that and I don't know I just played some other random shit like Donkey Kong 3 just like random shit that pops up but Mario Kart is the one where I'm like okay I want to focus on like building my save file to have actually beaten all the cups in this game and do the stuff I used to be able to do as a kid try to beat some classic games like I said I was going to do earlier this year yes Bobby says I can play Super Mario Kart while lying in bed because I have a Nintendo Switch well mine has achievements
[SPEAKER_02]: which I know don't fucking matter for some people but it's it's a nice it's a nice thing on mine so all right um otherwise that's pretty much it for my gaming week so let's continue on get into some gaming news Loki we're gonna go to you
[SPEAKER_01]: Yep, so the devs behind Celeste have cancelled their next game, which was Earthblade, but unfortunately it's because they had a fallout between some of the team members and also realized that the game's development has become a real slog.
[SPEAKER_01]: For us, on the inside, we've had some time to process, grieve, and work towards accepting this, although the process is non-linear and still ongoing.
[SPEAKER_01]: For those only reading this now who might have been emotionally invested in this project, we're sorry to disappoint you.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't remember this game, but the trailer looks cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: Looks very Celeste-y.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, the trailer's all you're ever going to get.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, well, yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: at least that were relevant to what they were doing and put them in a new game.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what will happen.
[SPEAKER_02]: And this isn't really the best example, but I'm going to give it anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like when Blizzard was working on that Titan game, not Titanfall, that was a different game, but Titan was the name of the project.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then they canceled it, but they kind of took one of the most interesting elements of the game, which was supposed to be
[SPEAKER_02]: Going Down to Planets and Competing for Resources, something.
[SPEAKER_02]: That turned into Overwatch.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they took the one element of the game that did kind of work, and then they made this whole new game out of it, and that was Overwatch.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because originally, it wasn't supposed to be like Tracer, and it was supposed to be like Assassin, and they had more, like Team Fortress 2, ironically.
[SPEAKER_02]: But the whole game was very different.
[SPEAKER_02]: The whole game itself was not what Overwatch ended up being, but it was, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Still how that can go.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, you know, hopefully something, the fertilizer that this situation has created hopefully can grow some more flowers in the future.
[SPEAKER_02]: Not to be too cheesy, but you want to be hopeful.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mike Deft in chat reminding us it was announced either at Summer Game Fest a few years ago, if I recall correctly.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, one of the fests.
[SPEAKER_02]: I do remember it was showed up at one of the fests some time ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's a bummer, but...
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, especially with how popular Celeste is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, if you are a hardcore platformer, Celeste, platformer person, Celeste is a real challenge.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you, Orange, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: It says it was the Game Awards 2022.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it was somewhere in the Keeleyverse, Deft.
[SPEAKER_02]: You were close.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, but yeah, that's a bummer.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also a bummer was the unexpected downtime of Marvel's Snap.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you might remember last week we talked about this, but Marvel's Snap got caught up in all the TikTok drama because ByteDance technically was a publisher of the game, even though I don't think they actually were a publisher anymore, but they kind of got caught up in the carnage and all this stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: So the developers at Second Dinner, which by the way, I love that name for a company.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Second Dinner has... What about Second Dinner?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's Taco Bell.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's giving you Second Dinner in-game.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know about Second Dinner.
[SPEAKER_02]: You get a reward package to folks that were either directly impacted by this, but even if you have an account and you haven't played in months, you can still benefit from this.
[SPEAKER_02]: So if you are in the US, you will get the Global Gratitude Package.
[SPEAKER_02]: for dealing with the outages.
[SPEAKER_02]: Marvel Snap is back online, by the way, and it's supposed to be... I'm sorry, the game itself is back online on PC, and it is expected to be restored in the major app stores later this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Second Dinner is also, quote, working to bring more services in-house and partner with a new publisher.
[SPEAKER_02]: The current publisher, of course, is Nuverse and that whole tie-to-byte dance thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, have you ever played Marvel Snap?
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, no.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've watched Nick play it, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, yeah, I've seen a little bit of Nick playing it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe somebody can translate.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you have reached collection level 500 or over... Okay, Fifth Dream, tell me what this means.
[SPEAKER_02]: Collection level 500.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm assuming that is some sort of level in the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like in Pokemon Trading Card Pocket, you also have a level.
[SPEAKER_02]: You get two spotlight keys, 5,000 XP for the season, 4,150 credits, 6,200 collector's tokens, 1,000 gold, five gold conquest tickets, three infinite conquest tickets, 4,000 conquest medals, one mystery variant, six premium mystery variants, one cosmic red border, super rare, three cosmic gold borders, super rare, and 155 times five random boosters.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: That does sound like a lot of shit, but I need to stress something here.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Fifth Dream, as our resident Marvel Snap fan that I'm picking on, feel free to set me on the right track.
[SPEAKER_02]: This sounds like a problem of too much fucking currency.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's like, exactly what Bobby Blackwolf says in chat.
[SPEAKER_02]: How many currencies?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to add a word that Bobby Blackwolf doesn't use.
[SPEAKER_02]: How many fucking currencies does this game have?
[SPEAKER_02]: because that's my initial thought as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: As I've been playing World of Warcraft recently and I saw an article on this too, World of Warcraft has a lot of currency bloat in it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now, it's a different type because you pay your monthly fee for World of Warcraft.
[SPEAKER_02]: You don't really pay for currency on top of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess there is a shop in the game
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: and E3VL is right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pokemon TCG Pocket is adding new currencies next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: That game has a ton of fucking currencies in it too.
[SPEAKER_02]: It has like the gold.
[SPEAKER_02]: It has the card hourglasses.
[SPEAKER_02]: It has the wonder pick hourglasses.
[SPEAKER_02]: It has the trans rights shop badges.
[SPEAKER_02]: It has the, I say that because they are
[SPEAKER_02]: Trans flag colors, so you can't convince me it's anything different, it's a trans rights message in that game, so there's the trans rights shop tickets, there's the limited time shop tickets for each event that goes on, there's the shine dust for the cards, so I guess what I'm saying is I have no room to talk because the game I'm playing is the exact same fucking problem people
[SPEAKER_02]: But to be fair, 5th Dream and Chat says, some buy cards, some upgrade them, some give you chances for more cards.
[SPEAKER_02]: That actually sounds very similar to Pokemon Trading Card Pocket, actually.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and then Trading Card Game Pocket is supposed to get like two new booster packs next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think that's, oh yeah, trade currency is going to be a thing too, I think.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought you got actual cards at McDonald's right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought that was the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Shane had sent me a picture getting a McDonald's Happy Meal, and it was Pokemon-themed, and I'm like, of course you did.
[SPEAKER_02]: He's like, well, I eat Happy Meals anyway because it's a portion control thing, which actually makes a lot of sense.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you are like, I don't want to binge too much at McDonald's, a Happy Meal is a decent, you know, even though it's for kids, you know, you get a smaller portion and you're not binging too much.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's actually, believe it or not, I'm just going to throw this out here.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is actually what a recommended serving size for an adult is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, yeah, for sure.
[SPEAKER_04]: Tell me what that says about, you know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, yeah, I've heard that thing where like if you go overseas and you order a large soda, you get the equivalent of what's like a small to medium here.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's a large overseas.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because they're actually using legit serving sizes.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, for sure.
[SPEAKER_04]: For sure.
[SPEAKER_04]: And, you know, Americans.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, so E3VL says there's both.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you get a code that gives you a 24-pack hourglass and a 12-wonder hourglass.
[SPEAKER_02]: You have to download the McDonald's app and opt in for email to get code.
[SPEAKER_02]: I do have the app because everybody fucking has a reward programs app so they can push notification you all the details.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's just the world we live in now.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's the new type of marketing things is push notifications, so...
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: What does DoorDash do?
[SPEAKER_02]: It'll send you a push every other day.
[SPEAKER_02]: Aren't you hungry?
[SPEAKER_02]: 25% off Panda Express right now to your door.
[SPEAKER_04]: I haven't done any of that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've gone into my preferences and turned off marketing.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I've turned off a lot of stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: I swear mine is off.
[SPEAKER_02]: I always turn that stuff off.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, I still get that stuff, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hmm, I'll still look into it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I swear I turn off that stuff, and I get that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I definitely turn off the tracking.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm very thankful that iOS has all that tracking stuff now that you can just turn off, but it's annoying.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, anyway, less annoying, actually really great news, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um, uh,
[SPEAKER_04]: The Video Game History Foundation has done us a thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: It has opened its digital archives to the public.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, it will be next week starting on the 30th.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, it's still a work in progress, of course, but it has, like...
[SPEAKER_04]: It's basically one of the largest libraries out there about game preservation and game history.
[SPEAKER_04]: It has over 1,500 issues of out-of-print gaming magazines, promotional material, other game development assets, you name it.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it's going to be... Yeah, it's going to be available for everybody.
[SPEAKER_04]: Although...
[SPEAKER_04]: It's still, you know, trying to fight against the, you know, DMCA issue going on with that, but it's still, it's going to be though limited just to visual assets.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, but that's something.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's really cool that they're putting that all online and game preservation is a hotter topic more than ever.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's nice to have some of that media and all that preservation all online as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm excited to go check it out.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know Archive.org has a lot of that, but it'll be really neat to see what else BGHF brings to the table.
[SPEAKER_02]: And something Bobby had pointed out when we were talking before OLR tonight, which I didn't realize, is that the BGHF is going to be searchable.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, well, you know, we talk a lot about EA and discontinuing games and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, now they're discontinuing an app.
[SPEAKER_01]: Remember how they wanted you so badly to sign up for Origin?
[SPEAKER_01]: It was another stupid launcher that you had to use, and it's just...
[SPEAKER_02]: It's been absolutely irritating ever since Well, now And Origin used to be Origin was a name they picked up because all the old Ultima games were under Origin So Origin used to be a cool thing and then they kind of stole that name for something less cool
[SPEAKER_01]: They stripped, they wore the skin like a husk and, you know, molded it into a shop instead.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, now EA's Origin app is going away.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's being closed down forever.
[SPEAKER_01]: And instead, you're going to have to be, you have to use the EA app instead, which also apparently is terrible and only works on six...
[SPEAKER_01]: yeah it only works on 64-bit machines so if you want access or if you want 32-bit versions of your games I guess you can't so that sucks if you're on a really old PC hardware I guess other than that though I don't know why you'd be on a 32-bit version of Windows exactly like most software today isn't
[SPEAKER_04]: I think, well, I know that Mac OS hasn't done 64-bit since, like, five OSs ago, and I think Windows eliminated it, what, two ago?
[SPEAKER_01]: Windows 10 had it prior to 2020.
[SPEAKER_01]: It had a 32-bit version, so after that, it's only 64.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you have an older computer, which maybe, you know, with your resources, finances, maybe only a secondhand type of thing, or like a laptop, I could see too.
[SPEAKER_02]: You might have like an old laptop or something, if that's the only type of thing that's available to you.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, and I would think, and SSG100 Matt in chat says, so no Sims on 32-bit machines.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I feel like that's the franchise.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: you know and that's that's the people that are going to get hurt by this I will say this there is I know there's an app for it on the Mac it doesn't work very well but there are apps that emulate 32 bit and 64 so they exist there's ways to get around it but they're not always reliable I don't know anything about them running on PC I wouldn't you know
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know about that, but they exist.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and if Origins is going away, it wouldn't matter if you could get a 32-bit environment.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's gone.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just not their responsibility to keep supporting it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Again, a bummer for those who may have more limited access.
[SPEAKER_02]: I understand it's a narrow sort of scope, but I feel like somebody will pop up and say, this is how... I remember we used to have a listener pretty actively that was like, I only play Nintendo 64 games because it's all I have access to.
[SPEAKER_02]: Am I still a gamer?
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm like, fuck yeah, you are.
[SPEAKER_02]: Everybody's resources are limited.
[SPEAKER_02]: You just play a game.
[SPEAKER_02]: You're a gamer.
[SPEAKER_02]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, Bobby Blackwell says Sims 3 still works on 32-bit machines, but the DRM to launch it is going away.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I wonder, I mean, again, I don't know how big this audience is and this whole thing, but I wonder if this goes down a route similar to The Crew and Ubisoft, and there's actually a class action suit going on because of this.
[SPEAKER_02]: and I don't I you know again I'm not I'm not trying to be too hysteria on this thing and I understand the majority of people are on machines now that run this but I I can't help but feel like there's going to be somebody in middle of nowhere Alaska that's playing The Sims no offense to Alaska but that's playing The Sims on their old ass laptop that now is no longer going to be able to play and that it's like why did I buy this game that I can't play anymore
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know I can't help but feel like something happens there but maybe maybe I'm just being sensationalist I don't know I'm sure it's I'm sure it's all in that user agreement that none of us read and we all accept because we want to get into the game that they can in fact do this I'm I'm pretty sure that's the long and short of it but those agreements have never stopped a class action from happening and getting challenged in court anyway so we'll see
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, something else that might be headed towards court.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is a pretty wow type of situation.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm still trying to understand it as a player of this game myself.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hadn't heard of it until today when we're scanning news trying to figure out what's going on for the show.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Final Fantasy XIV apparently has a mod.
[SPEAKER_02]: So a user-created mod that is having a lot of issues.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it should be stressed, this is a mod.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Final Fantasy XIV does not...
[SPEAKER_02]: really endorse mods.
[SPEAKER_02]: In fact, they really frown on you using them and they can threaten to ban you over them.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it's a really kind of mucky area because originally, when Naoki Yoshida first took over Final Fantasy XIV, he had said a long time ago they wanted to someday be able to support mods because, of course, one moment, sorry about that, he was really inspired by World of Warcraft and World of Warcraft, of course, has mods upon mods upon mods.
[SPEAKER_02]: but then he sort of realized that he didn't want everybody to have damage meters and be kicking people from groups because they didn't hit a certain spot on the damage meter.
[SPEAKER_02]: He didn't want it to be that kind of culture so he ended up not having mods.
[SPEAKER_02]: That doesn't mean people don't have the damage meters anyway but you're not supposed to talk about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're a little harder to get into the game than WoW, which makes it very easy.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, setting all of that stage to say, now there is this mod and the director, Yoshida, is going so far as to comment on it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a mod called Playerscope.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was made last year and it was put up on GitHub.
[SPEAKER_02]: But people didn't really know about this until Reddit started shining a spotlight on this.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because apparently what happened...
[SPEAKER_02]: is that a recent change in the software itself by Square Enix, what they did, it was actually supposed to improve blacklisting features, which in its nature is a good thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: So let's say, let's say I was going to go nuclear and block Jamie in Final Fantasy XIV.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would never do this, but I'm just using this as an example.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's say I block Jamie in Final Fantasy XIV.
[SPEAKER_02]: This new feature, it doesn't just block the character she's on now, but any character she makes in the future, blocked.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's how the new blacklist works.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's supposed to help in people not being able to contact you from any character.
[SPEAKER_02]: But unfortunately, it sounds like the way this was built on the back end, this mod was, for lack of a better term, able to exploit Blacklist.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Naoki Yoshida on the Lodestone, which is kind of the news forum for the game, wrote, We have confirmed that there exists third-party tools that are being used to check Final Fantasy XIV character information that is not displayed during normal gameplay.
[SPEAKER_02]: The tool is being used to display a segment of a Final Fantasy XIV character's internal account ID, which is then used in an attempt to further correlate information on other characters on the same Final Fantasy XIV service account.
[SPEAKER_02]: and basically he said there's two ways that we can see we can fix this.
[SPEAKER_02]: Number one, request that the tool in question be removed and deleted.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's very nice, but also I think very ignorant of once it's on the internet, it's always on the internet with all respect to Yoshida.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then number two, pursuing legal action, which I'm trying to think of when mods, I mean, I guess there have been time when mods resulted in legal action because I want to say some of these adult ones have ended up in court.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I think they get settled before they ever get to court.
[SPEAKER_02]: but I'm very curious to see what they had to do because a lot of the player base is saying this isn't good enough.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, some comments saying this is a joke, I expected more.
[SPEAKER_02]: You should actually fix the actual issue which allows the functionality of such stalking mechanisms which I'm assuming is going to be a rollback of that blacklist functionality so that it works the old way and you don't, you know, now if I block Jamie she could just roll an alt
[SPEAKER_02]: and then, you know, bully me on another account.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'd do it too.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know you would.
[SPEAKER_02]: As I should be bullied by Jamie and only Jamie.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_02]: what are they really able to see outside of the names and perhaps gaming media is suppressing this a little bit because they don't want people to find this and use and and I can understand that I can understand that there's certain things that you don't want to shine a spotlight on but I was even trying to like comb the reddit posts and things like that and I wasn't really seeing like is there something else there that's like really really bad like are you seeing people's
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_02]: This is still something that's being worked on and I have a feeling just having played 14 for a long time and watching the way Yoshida works, the player base that's screaming is going to get what they want and this is probably going to be rolled back.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it sounds like a lot of this probably needs to be handled server side rather than player side, which I think is one of the other big issues right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, and again, I'm not sure how that all works because I wouldn't use a mod like this.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have no use for this.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, but I, yeah, just, I went, when I kind of saw it in the perspective of, okay, let's say Jamie is a big streamer.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know why I keep picking on Jamie, but I'm going to.
[SPEAKER_02]: Jamie is a very big follower.
[SPEAKER_04]: He's picking on me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Jamie's a, now who's getting bullied?
[SPEAKER_02]: Jamie is a really big Final Fantasy XIV streamer.
[SPEAKER_02]: And she, you know, she has 200 viewers at a time.
[SPEAKER_02]: And, you know, she plays on this character, but she only plays this character when she's streaming.
[SPEAKER_02]: Otherwise, she has her non, you know, she has her street clothes character, for lack of a better term, that she wants to play when she doesn't want to be bothered.
[SPEAKER_02]: But this mod will show that, so that unfortunately, creepy boys...
[SPEAKER_02]: and folks that can message this person going, hey, you were looking pretty good on your stream earlier, which is unfortunately what bad people do.
[SPEAKER_02]: So.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can see where people are really bothered by this.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not trying to minimize it by my own lack of ignorance as to what this tool really does because I don't think I want to understand what it does other than the fact that it is important to comment on it and figure out how we can fix it and move beyond it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I just feel like at this point, they may have to just roll back to what it was before, even if it's not optimal, at least until they figure it out.
[SPEAKER_02]: I even think legal action is on the internet, Yoshida.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you don't put something in the code to stop this mod from working, then they're just going to patch it and it's going to live on in these shitty discords full of shitty people wanting to do shitty things to people that don't deserve it.
[SPEAKER_02]: StarSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, so something I actually have signed up for.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sega has an online account service called a Sega account.
[SPEAKER_04]: And you can sign up now to get bonuses for like a dragon pirate yakuza in Hawaii.
[SPEAKER_04]: Excuse me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Excuse me.
[SPEAKER_02]: You get a suit.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wouldn't that be a Sega account?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or a Sega account?
[SPEAKER_04]: Sega!
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a Sega account.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_04]: um so uh it basically allows you to play Sega and Atlus games online and receive goodies you know like for example the pre-order bonuses uh the special uh cosmetics stuff like that um
[SPEAKER_04]: I'll go ahead and just read the quote directly.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sega has launched a Sega account and online profile that gives you access to a host of benefits while playing Sega and Atlus titles and using their online services.
[SPEAKER_04]: By creating a Sega account, you'll receive the latest news about Sega Atlus games, events, and promotions.
[SPEAKER_04]: Additionally, your Sega account grants you access to exclusive bonuses and the ability to link accounts on various gaming platforms.
[SPEAKER_04]: Right now, you can link PlayStation, Xbox accounts, you can link Steam, you can link Nintendo Online.
[SPEAKER_04]: Epic is not there yet, but it says coming soon.
[SPEAKER_04]: And if you create your account and fulfill the requirements by March 7th, 2025, you get an in-game bonus for Like a Dragon, Pirate Yakuza, and Hawaii, which launches on February 21st.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yeah, and it's a suit.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'll just let you know it's a suit.
[SPEAKER_04]: But hey, why not?
[SPEAKER_04]: I made mine.
[SPEAKER_04]: I have a bajillion accounts for everywhere anyway, so why not?
[SPEAKER_02]: Get that free stuff when they launch it.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what, though?
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what this whole Sega account stuff has me thinking?
[SPEAKER_02]: You know how there's these rumors, rumors that the reboots of games like Crazy Taxi and Jet Set, you know, I think we've heard the rumblings of these reboots and that they're going to be online, they're games as a service, or they're like Battle Royale, Crazy Taxi.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's a leak.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's a leak from Atlas, on the Atlas side, that Crazy Taxi and Jetstar reboots are games as a service, and there are remakes in development.
[SPEAKER_04]: The person, Midori, is in Karakara.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sorry, Hirakara.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes, it is modeled after AAA live service games such as Fortnite.
[SPEAKER_04]: There are plans for live events, collaborations, and customizations.
[SPEAKER_04]: The current plan is to create a live service game as a service reboot as well as a remake of original Crazy Taxi.
[SPEAKER_04]: And there is a link.
[SPEAKER_02]: And this is why you're going to need a Sega account.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think, ultimately, yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think this is what it is, because especially if it's one of those, it's going to have a battle pass and all this other crap, then this is going to allow it to be portable from system to system.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I also believe those rumors were saying that it's a Nintendo Switch 2 thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: S, Actdeft,
[SPEAKER_02]: Pretty high on that, especially with this coming out now and them encouraging people to sign up for it is to get it locked and loaded for when these games ultimately roll out, which may be as soon as whenever the Switch 2 releases.
[SPEAKER_02]: May, June.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, Loki, you got something for us, which people were actually over in our Discord server.
[SPEAKER_02]: They were talking a lot about this this week over at VOGnetwork.com.
[SPEAKER_01]: A neat little device.
[SPEAKER_01]: So the Retro Remake Company has actually put out a pre-order for something called the Superstation 1.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is a FPGA PlayStation console.
[SPEAKER_01]: What?
[SPEAKER_01]: and, you know, internal storage of like 64 gigabytes store, I guess, ROMs and stuff on there as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: Outputs to 1440p or 1536p, depending on, I would imagine, HAL or NTSC.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then...
[SPEAKER_01]: On top of that, you also have compatibility, and they're also taking pre-orders for the SuperDock, which is going to be a device that sits on the bottom of the device, and it's a physical CD player that will read PlayStation 1 discs and also give you the opportunity to store more data on there as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's got four USB ports and an internal M.2 slot so you can put more storage in there.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: It looks like a little, it looks like the PlayStation Mini.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's cute.
[SPEAKER_01]: I like it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I like how the logo, that transparent blue one that got midnight blue or whatever, that thing looks cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: Is that R-squared or R2?
[SPEAKER_04]: Because then that makes me think of the R4.
[SPEAKER_04]: So there was some interest.
[SPEAKER_01]: Go ahead.
[SPEAKER_04]: Does it say anything about region locking?
[SPEAKER_04]: Does it have anything about CD switching?
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think it's locked at all.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I know the answer to that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Speedmania would be kind of difficult.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was some talk about that in chat.
[SPEAKER_02]: So essentially, my understanding is that this is really just an emulator in a very pretty package.
[SPEAKER_02]: When we have that whole discussion about why don't you just set it up?
[SPEAKER_02]: Why are you buying an NES Classic?
[SPEAKER_02]: Why not just set up a Raspberry Pi and attach it to your TV?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like this is, this really is that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's an emulator in a very pretty package, you know, that whole thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I remember a couple of weeks ago on the show, maybe it was a month ago, I was kind of talking about how I feel like we have all of these clone consoles that are coming out now that technical patents are expiring because we have things like Super Nintendo, Nintendo, Game Boy, Mega Drive, you know, you have all these consoles.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I was going like, why aren't we seeing these for PlayStation and that sort of thing?
[SPEAKER_02]: And then it hit me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because where consoles are now, it's not just the console that has to be emulated.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's the BIOS.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's the key thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: The BIOS, or basically that structure that kind of loads first.
[SPEAKER_02]: And the Sony one is infamous.
[SPEAKER_02]: When the BIOS is loading, you see that...
[SPEAKER_02]: is that me going through the loading noises right or if you didn't have a disk in the drive the BIOS was the thing by default that would allow you to play audio CDs and that whole thing that's the BIOS because that's software that isn't subject to the same law so I think that goes under the general public domain law of 95 years before those BIOSes go
[SPEAKER_02]: So that is my long-winded way of saying, I think if I remember right from what I saw in the discussion over on Discord, and those of you live in chat can set me straight on this because I can't use Discord to read right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I could bring it up on my phone.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I believe you have to put your own BIOS on it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So...
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's my long-winded answer to your question, Jamie, is that it would depend what BIOS you put on that, whether it would play Japanese games or what.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sure there's some type of hacked BIOS that plays them all.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sure that's a thing at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: But the company can't actually endorse that because that BIOS is the thing that's still protected and why we're not seeing PlayStation clones and PlayStation 2 clones and things like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: until now because now all of these drive-based systems have a BIOS to read the contents of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, SGO100Matt says, there are plenty of ways to get the BIOS without getting your own.
[SPEAKER_02]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_02]: GitHub.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, there's absolutely ways.
[SPEAKER_01]: It looks cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think if I was going to...
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's a lot of PlayStation 1 games that were pretty fun to have.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think it's a neat little device.
[SPEAKER_01]: I would like to see more of these things in the future.
[SPEAKER_01]: More readily available.
[SPEAKER_01]: Can I get one of these in a shitty mall kiosk or something?
[SPEAKER_01]: The mall or something?
[SPEAKER_01]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a fancy emulator.
[SPEAKER_02]: You're legally obligated to own a real PS1 and dump and provide a BIOS copy from it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And there's a little screenshot from the website.
[SPEAKER_02]: We bring the party, you bring the games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Superstation does not ship with any built-in games or copyright material.
[SPEAKER_02]: The base system supports playing backups of PS1 games and ROMs for other systems via the included microSD or via a USB drive.
[SPEAKER_02]: Disk support and additional I.O.
[SPEAKER_02]: can be found in the SuperDock.
[SPEAKER_02]: I wonder if... I feel like some PlayStation emulators don't actually require you to have a BIOS because the emulator has its own BIOS.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think...
[SPEAKER_02]: And again, I could fully be wrong here, but I think that might also be what this is doing, is that it just it has its own custom BIOS to be able to allow these games to be powered.
[SPEAKER_01]: It sounds like I think you probably have to add a BIOS to it somehow.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're just not going to tell you how to do it so they can be legally protected, which I'm fine with that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, this is the Internet.
[SPEAKER_01]: You can figure it out.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: a neat little piece of kit yeah Bonds006 says not gonna lie there's a solid lineup of PS1 games I would play again and first time one of my friends just bought a copy of Bust a Move the other day for like no small amount of money but now has a copy of that to be able to play the actual disc so it's very exciting I just think like I'm like because now with my kids going right
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, oh yeah, the Japanese, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was gonna say, now, like, with, you know, my son going through, like, Nintendo 64 stuff, and, you know, kind of enjoying some of those older games through the Switch emulation, you know, you know, the officially sanctioned stuff through Nintendo Online, but...
[SPEAKER_01]: you know enjoying all that stuff and even like the physical older systems like the Wii and stuff it'd be cool to like have this and like do like you know Twisted Metal 2 or you know have like I don't know like a lot of those old games I used to play yeah it'd be fun
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, as Joe and Matt says, they're putting it out right on the site and not saying, play your collection of PS1 games out of the box.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not seeing it as deceptive as 13 Forever feels it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, you know, I think it's important to know what it is you're getting.
[SPEAKER_02]: I absolutely see his point, though, of like, it's just an emulator in a fancy shell.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's a hardware emulator.
[SPEAKER_01]: FPGAs are better emulators than, I think, software emulators, at least.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think those are the more preferred methods.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it's like you said, it allows it to be set up really easy for your kids and stuff, which, you know, that's cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not going to, you know, again, I'm not here to tell people how to spend their money.
[SPEAKER_02]: And if it's a nice little decorative thing for the shelf because it's pretty and stuff, why not go for it if that's what you want?
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm going to tell people how to spend their money.
[SPEAKER_04]: Give it to me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, what a lead-in to our next story.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just want to preface.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't fucking stand this guy.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you all know I can't stand this guy.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I don't know why I'm sitting here talking about him on OLR.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I do.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because this guy likes to force himself upon gamer culture and any opportunity.
[SPEAKER_02]: And we're going to get into that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Unfortunately, I want to talk tonight about Elon Musk, okay?
[SPEAKER_02]: The owner of the website formerly known as Twitter.
[SPEAKER_02]: The...
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: I want to make very clear how he's grifting gamers I think that's why I want to talk about it because there are gamers out there that are falling for this grift hard on X and I need people to snap out I know they don't listen to this show and really could give a fuck what I have to say I'm sure this show is too woke or whatever bullshit they want to say for them but I need gamers to understand Elon Musk thinks you're a tool
[SPEAKER_02]: and this whole situation is going to show you exactly why.
[SPEAKER_02]: So as you know, he claims to be the world's best with Diablo 4 and Path of Exile 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: And he was kind of denying the whole account boosting thing and all of this stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But then basically various YouTubers and various people that know these games very well
[SPEAKER_02]: Elon's map.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's obvious somebody is running the account for him.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, my favorite though had to have been when he was at the inauguration, it was live and his account was in playing Path of Exile 2 and it was like running maps or whatever in that.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it's like, but you're here and your game is being played here.
[SPEAKER_01]: We clearly see you're not on a computer here.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, what I want to know is who was running the vibrating panties during that whole thing because he was sitting there the whole time going... I'm sorry to those on the podcast feed, but I'll just let you imagine the face I made there because... He's on...
[SPEAKER_01]: Drugs, allegedly.
[SPEAKER_02]: Drugs, allegedly.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_02]: And now some DMs that he exchanged with a YouTuber known as Nico Rex.
[SPEAKER_02]: What did Nico Rex do?
[SPEAKER_02]: Published him, of course, in a January 18th video called Addressing All the Elon Musk Drama in Path of Exile 2 with Elon Musk.
[SPEAKER_02]: He shares screenshots of DMs where he basically said, oh, he said they were okay to publish.
[SPEAKER_02]: I...
[SPEAKER_02]: he admitted to using account boosting to compete with Path of Exile 2 and Diablo 4's endgame but said there's nothing to apologize for because everyone's doing it that's not true that's
[SPEAKER_02]: Ask the hardworking staff of sites like Icy Veins, Max Roll.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry, I'm leaving out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Those are the two I know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Those guys and folks, you know, they played these games a lot in order to be able to write these guides.
[SPEAKER_01]: You should just ban his accounts, then.
[SPEAKER_02]: I really wish they would.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I think, to be fair, he's not the only one that engages in this practice, and whatever action they take should affect everybody.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, it's DarkTetsuyaSaysInChat.
[SPEAKER_02]: He's full of shit, you don't say.
[SPEAKER_02]: Um...
[SPEAKER_02]: So NicoRex asked, have you level boosted?
[SPEAKER_02]: Had someone else play your accounts and or purchased gear resources for Path of Exile 2 and Diablo 4?
[SPEAKER_02]: He said 100% with that emoji that says 100.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's impossible to beat the players in Asia if you don't as they do.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like... Well, then don't come out here and say you're the best player ever.
[SPEAKER_01]: You say you're just lying anyways.
[SPEAKER_01]: It doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, if you wanted to do that casually and not make a deal out of it, then that's fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: No one would care, but...
[SPEAKER_02]: So if we can all agree that he is lying about his ability or stretching the truth tremendously, buying his way to the endgame in these games, we'll say, why would he want to do that?
[SPEAKER_02]: Why would he want to put on the ruse of, I'm one of the best Path of Exile 2 players in the world?
[SPEAKER_02]: Why would he want to do that?
[SPEAKER_01]: Because he's still trying to...
[SPEAKER_01]: Be this, like, hero in the eyes of all these people, and he's an idiot.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so he fakes, essentially, all these achievements.
[SPEAKER_01]: But then, like, on top of that, he's like, oh, yeah, I did cheat all that.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, like...
[SPEAKER_02]: you're right especially in the first half of what you said I mean you're right on all counts but what I wanted to focus on is what you said there in the first half there he thinks that people will believe it and he thinks that it will buy him clout with gamers
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's important to know.
[SPEAKER_02]: And this holds up with that pattern of why did he buy Twitter in the first place and dogpile it into the ground?
[SPEAKER_02]: Because he wanted to own that town square where people were discussing things and he wanted the conversation to be about the topics that he wanted to talk about.
[SPEAKER_02]: He wants gamers to believe his stuff like it's going to get him some type of cred with them so that gamers are more likely to respect him and put him up on a pedestal and think, oh, this guy is so good.
[SPEAKER_02]: I want to be just like him and be a hero or whatever.
[SPEAKER_02]: You all need to understand Elon Musk thinks gamers are morons.
[SPEAKER_02]: to be pulling off something like this.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you're a gamer, Elon Musk's actions are showing here that he thinks you're an idiot and that you're easily influenceable.
[SPEAKER_02]: And to be fair, if you want to go off of certain trends that happened on Twitter that were disgusting a few years before he bought it, things like Gamergate, I'll just call it out, that's probably the whole thing that made Elon Musk feel like Twitter was something he wanted to own.
[SPEAKER_02]: So everybody that participated in all of that has some ownership in this, quite frankly.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mike Deft in chat says, I think Elon thinks most people are idiots, not just gamers.
[SPEAKER_02]: You're probably right, but this is the crowd he can very easily get to because, again, what I was just talking about with who showed they were easily influenceable on Twitter a few years before he bought it.
[SPEAKER_06]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_02]: SheHulk10 in chat says he's another ketamine-fueled rich kid, allegedly, like Trump and his grades in school are hidden from us.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's  yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Def says, funny enough, I was talking about this with a coworker the other day.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's a lot of people talking about him right now, and it's really not all good.
[SPEAKER_02]: And good.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_02]: All these countries that are calling him out, it's time to ban X. Free speech and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not saying we have to ban it in the US, but we need other countries to show up and show out because I don't know about you all, but again...
[SPEAKER_02]: There is one person making money or not barely breaking even, losing a little money at this point if leaked memos are to be believed, at the website formerly known as Twitter.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's Elon Musk.
[SPEAKER_02]: That company is no longer publicly traded.
[SPEAKER_02]: There is no one else that stands to gain from that profit but the guy who got up there and gave a Nazi salute at a political rally.
[SPEAKER_02]: and now is joking about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Instead of apologizing, saying, I was trying to do the Roman salute, which, by the way, is literally the same thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is the basis of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But instead of coming out and saying, I made an action that I regret, instead of admitting his mistake and saying-
[SPEAKER_02]: I did this thing spur of the moment.
[SPEAKER_02]: This was not my intent.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm so sorry it came off that way.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was really trying to do this.
[SPEAKER_02]: But unfortunately, where there's smoke, there's fire.
[SPEAKER_02]: And what is this guy continuously looking at supporting over and over again?
[SPEAKER_02]: That line of thinking.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, when he does something like that, it makes a lot of people go, wow, he's really showing his true colors right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: And especially when his joke or when his response is to come out and say, oh, it's a joke.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not a joke to a lot of fucking people.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you all still want to have a Twitter account.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I mean, I mean, what I really mean, not anybody here listening to the show or anything like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, why is AOC, and I love her and I agree with a lot she says, why the fuck does she still have a Twitter account?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's time to get off that website, AOC.
[SPEAKER_04]: and every everybody he's been problematic lately too I just y'all need to get off that website anyway that's my rant thank you the whole the whole problem with that is as long as people think that that site is going to oh all my people are there how often have I heard that excuse mm-hmm
[SPEAKER_04]: If they're your followers, they'll come with you.
[SPEAKER_04]: And honestly enough, I kind of like having switched over to Blue Sky for the fact of setting kind of a reset.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know what I mean?
[SPEAKER_04]: And having those better lists and being better able to curate what's on there.
[SPEAKER_04]: Honestly, it's much healthier there, I think.
[SPEAKER_04]: that was kind of the same reason I got off of Facebook years ago before this most recent pile of shit but I am no longer posting on Instagram if you really my people are over there, my followers are I have to have a place to announce all this and blah blah blah and I went through this too, so I'm calling myself out on this
[SPEAKER_04]: It shouldn't matter if you are going to take a moral stance.
[SPEAKER_04]: So you have to decide how much of a moral stance you are willing to take or where you're ready to compromise your morals.
[SPEAKER_02]: DJ Ranma S is saying...
[SPEAKER_02]: it brings a lot of people in for content creation I know people who won't leave because other social media sites don't have enough users for the change this is all I'm going to say at this point you now have all of the information you now have all of it and you know who makes money off of that if that is not enough for you I really don't know what else to say but I will not be seeing your content on that website that's for sure
[SPEAKER_04]: So Ranma says, moral stance or financial stance, there's a reason why Twitter still has a lot of content creators on there.
[SPEAKER_04]: And actually, believe it or not, I was playing Dragon Age last night and an NPC said a line that made me think about it.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was like, well, I could live in a shack or I could, you know, clean up after the Venatori.
[SPEAKER_04]: who are the major bad guys supporting the evil gods in that game.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I was thinking about this sort of like a real-life scenario, too.
[SPEAKER_04]: And trust me, I get it.
[SPEAKER_04]: There has to be a depth of conviction and, I would say, some sort of fallback.
[SPEAKER_04]: And there really isn't a fallback for some people, not yet.
[SPEAKER_04]: Some of the people that I am seeing on Twitter who are saying these things aren't really that big anyway.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm not that big.
[SPEAKER_04]: I made the move.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's other avenues.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: and... TikTok's back for a bit.
[SPEAKER_04]: You got that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And if you think this... YouTube's out there.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and I also want to put out, if this is like, you know, you're just not wanting to get on Blue Sky, if there's a Blue Sky issue that's bothering you, cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, go to Mastodon is a great choice as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't got a beef with Mastodon.
[SPEAKER_02]: It wasn't for me.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I don't got to be for that if that's where you want to go.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's another decentralized network, which I think is great.
[SPEAKER_02]: Instagram has that whole pixel fed, which basically runs on the Mastodon engine.
[SPEAKER_02]: I set up a pixel fed, but yeah, there's not a lot of engagement right now because unfortunately, as great as Mastodon is, it suffers from that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not easy to just get up and running.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's something that Blue Sky fixed really quick with what they have.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, yeah, Tiger Claw brings out an interesting point.
[SPEAKER_02]: A lot of big companies aren't making the jump to Blue Sky due to having deals with X. I read that the NFL forced some of the teams to shut down their Blue Sky accounts.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, on one hand, I understand that they have, like, contractual agreements and all this other stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: On the other hand, fuck these contractual agreements.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, fuck the fact these contracts are even being signed.
[SPEAKER_01]: Unless that was something... It's like something to do with ad revenue from one area.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's just ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, all right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Back to games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's talk about classics.
[SPEAKER_02]: So before we get into the bumper for this week, I want to allow a little space here for DarkSakura to mention the 2025 twist on the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Jamie, what are you going to be doing?
[SPEAKER_02]: I know you've kind of thrown out a few ideas here.
[SPEAKER_02]: What is the official...
[SPEAKER_02]: What is 2025's twist?
[SPEAKER_04]: Home to Arcade Classic Game
[SPEAKER_03]: And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's time for the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, Jamie, what is the first one to start us off for 2025?
[SPEAKER_02]: Home to Arcade.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yeah, it is also known as Umjammerlammy Arcade.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's an arcade that's based off of the Umjammerlammy PlayStation game.
[SPEAKER_04]: You play in versus mode using controllers that look like guitars.
[SPEAKER_04]: and uh it also has you know I the all right the site says that it was adopted by the Guitar Hero franchise no they took that from um Guitar Freaks so anyway going back to this um so it was uh done by Namco and Sony of Japan and that's where the arcade version came from it had updated graphics and new songs in addition to the original songs um I remember Arcade Infinity Rob
[SPEAKER_02]: I do.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's when I got to play this game.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have played this.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_04]: So anyway, and there is actually an archive of the game's CD on the Internet Archive and some of its assets on the Parappa subreddit.
[SPEAKER_04]: So moving forward, the description of the game, I'm just going to read the official description.
[SPEAKER_04]: Rock your way to the top of the pops with Um Jammer Lamy.
[SPEAKER_04]: From the mind of Rodney Greenblatt, the brilliant designer of Parappa the Rapper, comes this cartoon-inspired musical competition starring Lamy, the stylish and clever lamb guitarist for the band Milk Can.
[SPEAKER_04]: This two-player arcade cabinet converts the PlayStation title into an arcade experience with a set of realistic guitar controllers.
[SPEAKER_04]: The game features three difficulty levels, three playable characters, and three game modes, solo, team, and battle.
Ahem.
[SPEAKER_04]: Anyway, so basically from milkcan.com, which is I think defunct now.
[SPEAKER_04]: Introducing the one and only Joe Chin Musical Instruments Guitar and Table.
[SPEAKER_04]: Lots of time and effort seems to be put into its development.
[SPEAKER_04]: As you can tell from its name, it can be used as a table most of the time.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, no, no.
[SPEAKER_04]: Don't use it as a table, folks.
[SPEAKER_04]: The product is great.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's kind of like a guitar and a turntable in one.
[SPEAKER_04]: You can find the well-known OXAH buttons in the center and we created a slideable Joe switch on its neck and a turntable like a chin switch at the end.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, I mean, basically the guitar is like a weird bop-it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um...
[SPEAKER_04]: So let me find where I was.
[SPEAKER_04]: Those of y'all who rules the Gatarn table, rules Um Jammer Lamy now, the arcade version.
[SPEAKER_04]: In other words, even if you're the coolest at home, you need to rule this Gatarn table to be number one, so hurry now and start practicing, y'all.
[SPEAKER_04]: So anyway, this came out in 1999.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it...
[SPEAKER_04]: By the way, it was re-hosted on the new Namco website, but it's just kind of weird, this controller was.
[SPEAKER_04]: So anyway, it doesn't have the best...
[SPEAKER_04]: Playability, I should say, but it had some bright colors and artwork on the frame.
[SPEAKER_04]: It says with the header, Joe Chin Presents Super Guitar and Table Game.
[SPEAKER_04]: The game was actually changed to System.
[SPEAKER_04]: The left side is Lammy's.
[SPEAKER_04]: and the right side is Rami's picture which was her alternate version in the Teriyaki Yoko level and it had some extra songs and one of them was the audio track for Parappa's version of I Am A Master and You which was in Um Jammer Lami and it was on the soundtrack but it was only playable in the arcade so
[SPEAKER_04]: and uh it also dispelled a rumor that Parappa was supposed to be holding a feather duster at the end but he holds the same vacuum like uh like Lammy does um it came out on September 4th 99 and hopefully I am reading this hopefully that date was American style um and they uh
[SPEAKER_04]: it was interesting it showed at the JAMA arcade show on September 11th and 12th that year it runs off a System 12 board and it's just like the Versus mode except for the big change you play it with a guitar-like controller from Namco's Guitar Jam so you can't really play Parappa very well
[SPEAKER_04]: Um, but they had planned on, like, redoing this as another home port, and that didn't happen.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, um, yeah, it's... It's some jammer lami with a guitar.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, with a guitar controller.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's kind of weird how you have to stand to play it as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: But, I mean...
[SPEAKER_04]: DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_04]: because I'm short you can even see in the screenshots of the game you see the typical Playstation controller symbols but then you see a J so there's another thing I'm going to link you real quick Rob I'm just going to message it to you it's actually a Japanese reviewer playing it I didn't use it to begin with because honestly they talk over it and they're not very good but let me
[SPEAKER_04]: Send that out real quick.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just fascinating, though.
[SPEAKER_04]: I love stuff like this, even if it's not very good.
[SPEAKER_04]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_04]: I linked it to you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, I will work on bringing that up.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bear with me, folks.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm sorry if you get ads or anything.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's not my fault.
[SPEAKER_04]: Totally your fault.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, not my fault.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it's like... One moment while I get that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I need a way to blank this scene real quick without showing everybody's messages.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hold on, we're going to do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, there we go.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry, I'm not really set up for... Oh, I think I just showed this one, actually.
[SPEAKER_04]: You did?
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't see, sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I searched it because I was like, she's talking about the guitar.
[SPEAKER_02]: She's talking about the guitar and I don't...
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I don't really watch the video that much when I'm doing this, but there's like some... In fact, I'll just go ahead and do this.
[SPEAKER_04]: I will link where some of my information came from.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just some of it.
[SPEAKER_04]: But there is a full picture of the machine itself, and it is a height of 7'2", width is...
[SPEAKER_04]: at 8.28 feet.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it's a tall machine.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it's like lurch-sized.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah, it's pretty... It's alright, you know, it's Marvel.
[SPEAKER_04]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, there it is, your classic home to arcade game of the week, Um Jemma Lammy, now I'm also going to say I've been on a real Parappa kick for like the last month for some reason I don't see a problem with that, it's a great series I wish there would be another game Yeah, just the music is stuck in my head Alright, we still have some other headlines we want to talk about, what?
[SPEAKER_04]: Get your chainsaws on
[SPEAKER_02]: We have some other headlines we want to talk about in a segment called Rapid Fire News Loki, what else is going on in the industry?
[SPEAKER_01]: We have the announcement that Arc System Works is bringing over Super Technos World River City and Arcade Classics It's all the Kunio-kun stuff
[SPEAKER_01]: and yeah so includes some of the titles that they have looks like Super Dodgeball, the arcade version of that, Kunio Kunio Dodgeball for Super Famicom let's see, Downtown Nakatsu Baseball yeah
[SPEAKER_01]: A lot of these are all Japanese games.
[SPEAKER_01]: Combat Tribes, Super Famicom and Arcade versions, China Gate, the Arcade version, Shadow Force Arcade, Dunquest, Amazin, Fujin, no, Densetsu for Super Famicom.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, looks cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: And no word.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, here we go.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's coming to PlayStation 5 Switch and PC April 24th.
[SPEAKER_01]: so we'll have to see what the full lineup will be when that comes out finally and then of course we talked about that Sonic 4 was already kind of confirmed but now we have a release date for it too the movie not the game yes because the game already happened it was kind of yeah yeah
[SPEAKER_01]: yeah so Sonic 4 is set to hit theaters March 2027 and I think they're probably going to greenlit even more movies after this because it's made them a ton of money so yeah looking forward to it I mean we already knew this was coming because they teased it at the end of the last movie and they had greenlit the movie before the third movie even came out I think but yeah it's done incredibly well
[SPEAKER_02]: So now there's just going to be a whole Sonicverse of movies.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, there already is, really.
[SPEAKER_02]: Three movies is enough.
[SPEAKER_02]: The Sonic Cinematic Universe.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just wonder maybe if there will be a Sega Cinematic Universe.
[SPEAKER_02]: Can we somehow combine Sonic and Crazy Taxi or something?
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, maybe.
[SPEAKER_02]: It could be cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: I want it to be the adventures of Opa Opa across the Sega multiverse.
[SPEAKER_01]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm trying to think if we heard of any other Sonic or Sega games that are going to become movies.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't remember, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, there was the Yakuza series that just happened, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, that's true.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think that got super well received, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it'll be interesting.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Maybe.
[SPEAKER_01]: Maybe see some spin-offs from that.
[SPEAKER_01]: It would be kind of cool to tie in
[SPEAKER_02]: things into that like I don't know if they could do like ooh la la in there we go SSJ100 Matt in chat says yeah I want the after credit of the next movie to have a portal open up and Alex Kidd jumps out fuck yeah the original Sega platformer hell yeah that was the original Sega mascot yeah yeah love it I played a shitload of Alex Kidd in Shinobi World
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, Orange Rite reminds us the Golden Axe animated series.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's travel.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, we have some more rapid fire news.
[SPEAKER_02]: JK, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
[SPEAKER_04]: so Fatal Fury City of the Wolves open beta test is set for February the launch is April 24th but there's an open beta February 20th through 24th all platforms will be there there's eight characters available in the open beta but they haven't released the list it will have three different online modes ranked match casual and room match as well as an offline training mode so you can practice some
[SPEAKER_04]: So like I said, it begins February 20th at 12 a.m.
[SPEAKER_04]: Pacific.
[SPEAKER_04]: It will run until February 24th at 11.59 p.m.
[SPEAKER_04]: And the participation will not require a PlayStation Plus or Xbox Game Pass subscription.
[SPEAKER_04]: So anyone who wants to try the beta can do it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Download and play.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yeah, there you go.
[SPEAKER_04]: If you do it, let me know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, and then in some last little news here, if that's too long to wait to play some Fatal Fury games, guess what?
[SPEAKER_02]: Nintendo Switch Online has a classic that just got added this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fatal Fury 2, of course, was on the Super Nintendo, had a version there.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, maybe not as great as the Neo Geo version, but they made a fairly decent port.
[SPEAKER_02]: on the Super Nintendo that was available and that is now out this week so you can check that out also being added Super Ninja Boy is being added I think I remember renting this game once I don't remember thinking it was very good but you know if you want to come to your own conclusions there you go that game is available now as of this week and then there's another game which I'm not super familiar with it's a game called Sute Hakun um
[SPEAKER_02]: which is a Japanese game which looks like a little bit of a puzzler like I noticed the character is kind of like moving blocks around and it kind of I'm getting like Mylon's Secret Castle kind of vibes from this which I know is an obscure reference yeah right but like it looks like oh he's changing colors and like when the brick is red it goes up and down and when it's blue it goes left and right so that's okay that's interesting neat neat
[SPEAKER_02]: so hey I'm I'm all for more classics especially ones uh from Japan that we never got to play I'm all for more of those showing up over here uh Japan also got sorry I don't know my YouTube settings to mute are not saving so I don't know why so sorry about that but um Japan has these games actually look different that just got added there's um Cosmo Gang the Puzzle
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I remember that one.
[SPEAKER_02]: 13E, Rally, Big Run, Angelico.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then I don't recognize this first game.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know what this game is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Jamie, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, you don't have the video anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know if you'd recognize this either.
[SPEAKER_02]: Somebody might know which game this is.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, Japan looks like they have some different games to hit this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's move on to some release dates of games coming out around the world.
[SPEAKER_02]: If Nintendo Switch Online is not enough for you, you can go drop some money on another game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, what's coming out in the U.S.? ?
[SPEAKER_01]: We have Botany Manor on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_01]: Cuisineer on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Eternal Strands on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Neptunia Riders versus Doggos.
[SPEAKER_01]: It almost looks like Doggos, but I don't think they're versus Doggos.
[SPEAKER_01]: Doggos.
[SPEAKER_04]: Doggos.
[SPEAKER_01]: Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_01]: Is it doggos though?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't think so.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was thinking like Manos.
[SPEAKER_01]: Titan, Doggu.
[SPEAKER_01]: Is it doggos?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know who doggos are.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyways, doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_01]: Orcs Must Die, Death Trap on PC and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: The Stone of Madness on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Tales of Iron 2, Whiskers of Winter on PC, Mac, and Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series, Virtua Fighter 5 Revo on PC, Warside on PC, Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series,
[SPEAKER_01]: Alcalade Sports Collection on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Cardfight!
[SPEAKER_01]: Vanguard Deer Days 2 on PC and Nintendo Switch Gimmick 2 on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Hello Kitty Island Adventure on PC and Nintendo Switch
[SPEAKER_01]: Lyca, Aged Through Blood on Nintendo Switch Phantom Brave, The Lost Hero on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5
[SPEAKER_01]: Sniper Elite Resistance on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series Spider-Man 2 on PC Technobanter on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Wizardry The Five Ordeals on Nintendo Switch
[SPEAKER_01]: Citizen Sleeper 2, Starward Vector on PC, Mac, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series and finally Resetna on PC and Nintendo Switch
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_02]: but also another game in parody with the US we have Phantom Brave The Lost Hero is also out in Japan this week Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Mutant Unleashed also is out in Japan this week Card Fight, Vanguard, Dear Days 2 also on the Switch this week in Japan and that is pretty much it for the Switch
[SPEAKER_02]: Looking at the PlayStation 5, that same Cuisineer game is out on Japan.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Phantom Brave The Lost Hero, also on the PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's also RPG Maker with capital W-I-T-H.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's the name of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That is out in Japan this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that series is still going all these years later.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've been thinking about downloading an RPG Maker just to start playing with it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, why not?
[SPEAKER_01]: Important clarification, talking about when we were mentioning Neptunia Riders versus Doggos.
[SPEAKER_01]: Doggos are actually dogs.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like the combination of slime from, like I say, a Dragon Quest game and a little dog.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's a dog slime.
[SPEAKER_01]: So they are Doggos.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: just a handful on the 27th we have Star Wars Hunters Early Access Cuisineer on the 28th for Switch on the 30th we have Marvel's Spider-Man for PC Phantom Brave the Lost Hero for PC, Switch, PS4, PS5 on the 31st we have Citizen Sleeper 2 PC, Switch, PS5, Xbox Series and also on the 30th Hello Kitty Island Adventures for PC
[SPEAKER_04]: FYI, this has already been available on Mac for like a year and a half And in Steam, I think No, I take that back, it was on Mac Yeah, I think it was originally an iOS game It was Apple Arcade It's an interesting, I mean it's a cute little game
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, we have one more story for you, and then we'll open up Listener Roundtable, which I think we do have one email this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll get to that.
[SPEAKER_02]: We do.
[SPEAKER_04]: I have it open already.
[SPEAKER_02]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_02]: But first, Loki.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, so Minecraft, they do these collaborations with different IPs all the time, and now this time they've got Hello Kitty and Friends.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_01]: So you can get DLC that has Sanrio characters, you can build farms, grow crops, raise animals, all sorts of stuff, and yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, you can check that out, and I don't believe the DLC is free, so I'm going to go buy that stuff, but
[SPEAKER_01]: It is available.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, Loki, I'm going to need you to buy this and I'm going to need you to rebrand your entire ride that you worked so hard on to be a Hello Kitty ride.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, unfortunately, it's in Bedrock and Bedrock sucks when it comes to Redstone.
[SPEAKER_01]: Damn it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I'm not going to be able to do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Fine, fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: Not right now.
[SPEAKER_01]: Maybe later on.
[SPEAKER_01]: I had thought of doing an Animal Crossing season, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: Be cute.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mike Deft in chat says, Hello Kitty, Minecraft, and Island Adventure the same week?
[SPEAKER_02]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Who knew Hello Kitty was going to dominate the news cycle this week?
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, as promised, it's time for the listener roundtable.
[SPEAKER_02]: We invite you all to participate with us each week.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can give us a call on Discord if you want, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you head on over to the green room, we take calls there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have heard that Twitch does embedded calls now.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it has for some time.
[SPEAKER_02]: I might want to see if that's an option available to us in the future.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: But for now, we're still sticking with Discord.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bobby says nobody uses guest star I saw somebody using it the other day it wasn't guest star it was some type of like call in where you could actually it was at the top of the chat there's a collaboration I want to say it was Ash's channel actually one of our pals Ash said hi it was running that where you could like call maybe it wasn't her but somebody had that like at the top no it wasn't streamed together like it was a button that said call and join or something like that like it wasn't
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, for now though, we have email.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's always email.
[SPEAKER_02]: Participate at OrangeLaunchRadio.com And we have that.
[SPEAKER_02]: You ready?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_04]: Hello peoples!
[SPEAKER_04]: Hey, did you hear?
[SPEAKER_04]: They announced the thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, the thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: The thing that we thought was a thing, which we thought they'd have announced long before now, but they've announced it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sure, we don't know all of the details.
[SPEAKER_04]: We want to know most about the thing, but we do know that we'll eventually find out.
[SPEAKER_04]: Anyway, the thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: The thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: I am, of course, referring to the upcoming Nine Inch Nails tour.
[SPEAKER_04]: What?
[SPEAKER_04]: What do you think I meant?
[SPEAKER_02]: Stay care of entertainment.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe an Addams Family character that resembles a hand.
[SPEAKER_02]: A John Carpenter movie.
[SPEAKER_02]: Those could have all been the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that's great about the Nine Inch Nails tour.
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought they were going to announce that sooner, but I think a lot of entertainment got their...
[SPEAKER_02]: because Beyonce was going to announce something big and then it got delayed because of the LA fires.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think Nine Inch Nails was in a similar situation.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they finally, because I think it leaked or something.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they kind of had to confirm something people already knew about.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: I've never really been able to picture myself going to a Nine Inch Nails show because of like, and that's only because of like the moshing and the hard dancing and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But like, if I could get a seat in the back where I can have my little earplugs in and go woo,
[SPEAKER_02]: Like the old man I am.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would love to go to a Nine Inch Nails show.
[SPEAKER_02]: I bet it's a hell of a show, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, it'd be a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know a lot of their newer songs to be honest I'm not as into them as I was when I was like in early college oh yeah oh god that was like that was high school like Downward Spiral that whole oh my god all of it I remember having like a bootleg mix of oh god what was the album that had had like a hole on it but it was like a completely different mix of it there was Pretty Hate Machine and then there was like that was it Pretty Hate Machine there was another version of it that was remixes yeah
[SPEAKER_02]: And DJ Ranma
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkTetsuya was saying that it was 180 from Daft Punk.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't really think so.
[SPEAKER_04]: Trent Reznor has worked with, like, why can't I think of his first name, Newman, who did Cars.
[SPEAKER_04]: Gary Newman.
[SPEAKER_04]: Gary Newman, yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Has worked with lots of just general synth-pop artists as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: And maybe while his own personal style might be, you know, the grungier side of electronica, not to make a pun there,
[SPEAKER_04]: but it is electronic synthesized predominantly music.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think what Dr. Tsuyu may have meant is that that Tron Ares teaser was a very different tone than the last movie so it may be it may be late in that because the the teaser was I didn't see it so
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a very different tone than the last movie, and I'm really not sure how to feel about it, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't even know there was a teaser.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then again, neither of them were Wendy Carlos.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's true.
[SPEAKER_02]: The teaser may have been fan cam, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: It may have been something that they filmed off a screen at a convention.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know it's out there, and it kind of was like, I don't know how to feel about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'll see it because it's Tron, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: If it gets us the Tron ride, I'll be glad for that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Where would they put that in Disney?
[SPEAKER_02]: They're out of space.
[SPEAKER_02]: Disney California, anyway.
[SPEAKER_04]: So they build it on top of something.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess there's always the rumors that they're going to take out that block that Disney owns that has like the P.F.
[SPEAKER_02]: Chang's and the Cheesecake Factory, that whole, what do they call it, Garden Center or whatever.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then I think it's right next to a Toy Story lot.
[SPEAKER_02]: And the rumor is they're going to take that all out and build another Disney property.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that's...
[SPEAKER_02]: you know, rumor and then there was talk about Mickey and Friends, they were looking at just reclaiming that space by building an even bigger parking structure somewhere else as if parking isn't shitty enough at Disneyland it's wretched yeah
[SPEAKER_04]: but I agree with Bobby.
[SPEAKER_04]: Make it Disney Tron and it's just a Tron park.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just bring Electronica back.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was the best thing ever.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was just talking about that with somebody the other day.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, it was coworkers.
[SPEAKER_04]: I found my tokens.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, really?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I love that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I would love to bring back Flynn's.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, that area that Flynn's was in was where they had the Marvel shop.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I don't recall having seen that open last time I was at California Adventure.
[SPEAKER_02]: I do remember seeing the building.
[SPEAKER_02]: Was that the Marvel shop?
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought the old Millionaire Studio was the Marvel shop now.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was behind, it was next door to Monsters, Inc.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, yeah, that's the old Millionaire Studio.
[SPEAKER_02]: when they used to have Who Wants to Be a Millionaire at California Venture in the very beginning.
[SPEAKER_04]: But anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just called The Grid.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's not Tron Land or Tron Rolls.
[SPEAKER_02]: You just load up and it's The Grid.
[SPEAKER_02]: The Muppets have been out of DCA for a minute.
[SPEAKER_02]: Muppet Vision or whatever is gone.
[SPEAKER_02]: And now Hollywood Studios in Florida has their official close date.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's no more Muppet Vision.
[SPEAKER_04]: Does anyone go on the Monsters, Inc.
[SPEAKER_04]: ride except to rest their feet?
[SPEAKER_02]: And ironically, I don't know if they're building the same ride, but they're building a Monsters, Inc.
[SPEAKER_02]: section where the Muppets were at Disney.
[SPEAKER_02]: But the Aerosmith ride is now going to be a Muppets ride.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's Electric Mayhem.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's an Electric Mayhem ride.
[SPEAKER_05]: Ah, yes!
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, that's pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: That sounds pretty awesome, but...
[SPEAKER_02]: so at least they'll have a place to put all the Muppets merch and maybe Janice will finally get her due as the amazing Muppet character she is from the Electric Man this is a Janice Stan podcast far out alright anyway do we have any last minute stories, Loki?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't alright
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, I don't see any callers.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it's time to wrap up the show.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: We've had a good run tonight, but it's time to wrap up.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, are you streaming tonight?
[SPEAKER_04]: It's been swell, but the swelling's gone down.
[SPEAKER_02]: Are you streaming tonight, DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I am.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm feeling a certain way because I hurt.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm going to play some Killer tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, sounds good.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well then, we'll wrap it up here and get on out.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you as always for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_02]: We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
[SPEAKER_02]: Tell a friend or two.
[SPEAKER_02]: Help us spread the word.
[SPEAKER_02]: A nice five-star review on a site like Apple Podcasts or Spotify or YouTube, wherever the fuck you found this show.
[SPEAKER_02]: Tell some friends about it by helping spread the word.
[SPEAKER_02]: We appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's move on and get final thoughts and get on out of here.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, what's your final thought for tonight?
[SPEAKER_04]: I have never ever before pulled or hurt this muscle in my leg and it's fucking weird and it hurts and it's swelling now.
[SPEAKER_04]: Thank goodness for ice packs.
[SPEAKER_04]: Great.
[SPEAKER_04]: Take care of your bodies, people.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Remember, as Dan says, it's not the years but the mileage.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's true.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, your final thought tonight?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, that teaser looks weird.
[SPEAKER_02]: Right?
[SPEAKER_01]: It's a vibe.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's different.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know how to feel about it, but I'll probably see it anyway because I'm a sucker.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm a consumer whore.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then my final thought is...
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm probably going to play a lot more Diablo 4 this week because that's my favorite game right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: When I'm stressed out, I like to mow down demons with my barbarian and his giant hammer that he just creates earthquakes everywhere on the screen and melts demons' faces.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: Video games are awesome.
[SPEAKER_02]: And on that note, have a great week.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see you next time.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_00]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_00]: See you next week.